Article 1: Protests hit France as new PM takes office...
France is seeing a day of protests led by a grassroots movement named Bloquons Tout ("Let's Block Everything") in a show of anger against the political class and proposed budget cuts.

The demonstrations are taking place on the same day new Prime Minister Sébastien Lecornu was sworn in following the toppling of his predecessor, François Bayrou, in a no-confidence vote earlier this week.

Demonstrators blocked streets, set bins on fire, and disrupted access to infrastructure and schools across the country.

Around 250 people had been arrested by mid-morning, outgoing Interior Minister Bruno Retailleau said.

A bus was torched in Rennes and electric cables near Toulouse were sabotaged, he added.

---
Article 2: Banksy mural scrubbed from Royal Courts of Justice...
A mural by the street artist Banksy is being removed from the wall of a court building in London.

The mural appeared on an external wall of the Queen's Building, in the Royal Courts of Justice complex, on Monday.

The image depicted a protester lying on the ground holding a blood-spattered placard while a judge, in a wig and gown, looms over him, wielding a gavel.

The work has been covered up at various points since it was discovered and guarded by security staff, with the HM Courts & Tribunals Service confirming that it would be removed due to the building being listed and therefore legally protected.

---
Article 3: 'I thought the world was going to end', Qatar strikes witness tells BBC...
The Qatari capital, Doha, is back to normal today, with traffic moving on the highways, and skyscrapers shimmering in the heat.

But there are new tensions across the Middle East, and a key question – what red lines now remain for Israel in its pursuit of Hamas, if any?

Targeting Hamas on the soil of Qatar was presumed to be a line Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu would not cross.

Yesterday, that assumption was blown to pieces, and with it, probably, any chance of a ceasefire deal in Gaza.


